---
layout: default
title: CnE CTF 2024 - Crypto 04 - Encipher Grieve
---
QUESTION:
Greetings Adventurer,

I was walking in the Whispy Woods looking for truffles when I saw this paper hidden near the base of a tree. I can't make sense of it at all Adventurer, what do you think it means?

"Ue Blz Jact qjst, nm mizgum xci bztpvkk rb hpwq. Nm wcerc oeolki bsbizymv dr Zym Hzwvrqvdrm Nwsyw zf os jzki blz fgkbpz trrvw. Wyxe bldw cymr ystv zivhoeo, cjy jf vso xuja mo etu tio mz sm wrercwazh hp blz igibl."

Whatever it is, it certainly doesn't look good. I'll go make a copy and give it to the town guards. I can tell by the look on your face adventurer that you have already started on trying to solve it.

What's that adventurer? Where should I tell the town guards to go intercept an attack?

Format: 
CnE{xxx_xxxxxxxxxx_xxxxx}

Rewards:
* 50 Experience
* Sword of Process Killing

---
Using HuggingChat, I got this Caesar cipher with a shift of 7:

"You have been warned, the dark elves will attack at dawn. They will strike from the old ruins north of Willowdale with a small force on the eastern flank. Be prepared to defend the town at all costs."

After a lot of trial and error, I found this:
On The Full moon, we invade the village at dusk. We shall gather together in The Despairing Woods to go over the battle plans. Burn this when done reading, you do not toss it and let it be swallowed by the earth.
 From this site: https://www.dcode.fr/vigenere-cipher?__r=1.d56bba8ae2fe41eb6297db235de5aed9&form=MG0AV3
 